few minutes to arrival ready the troops
prepare my snacks fill out this form ran
that one in and give it a concussion sir
the invaders are attempting to enter
orbit info key intellectual protocol
egad is that popular music be popular
music of teens and on-the-go lifestyles
no no no no no no no no no incredible
they sacrifice themselves to the goop to
stop us what's the goop please explain
it to me in excruciating detail the dog
gets you another you you talk too much
already the gargantuan operation of
power they own half of the universe and
evergreens with many of the biggest
conquest producers the coop has a
powerful sweeper that detects anything
in existence that could be someone's
property and seizes it jinkies that
planet was my property that i plan on
premise truck proper dating it that's
good you were still wrong but you came
nowhere close we would like to dispute
your claim on planet nibble but for
wonderful that planet was claimed by
stick grenade holdings limited please
submit a dispute and we will send it to
stick grenade holdings limited who will
review your case shouldn't a third-party
arbitrate the keys wonderful you will
hear a response in six to eight months
have a goop day I can't wait that long
what hi come back here I'm an angry man
with an angry plan and I own several
canals there's always Vinnie opolis no
one lives there